Update How to Install and Use Geospatial R Packages.md (#113)
Public-Health-Scotland/technical-docs: Posit Infrastructure/How to Install and Use Geospatial R Packages.md

- [{raster}](https://rspatial.github.io/raster/reference/raster-package.html)
- [{leaflet}](https://rstudio.github.io/leaflet/)

> Please note:

> > * {rgdal} has now been retired from CRAN and has therefore been removed from this documentation. However, versions of {leaflet} >= 2.2.0 do not depend on this package. To avoid dependency on obsolete packages, older versions should only be installed if strictly necessary. Please try to use the most up-to-date versions wherever possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * `{rgdal}` has now been retired from CRAN and removed from this documentation. Versions of `{leaflet}` >= 2.2.0 do not depend on this package. Older versions should only be installed if strictly necessary to avoid dependency on obsolete packages. Please try to use the most up-to-date versions wherever possible.
```

> > * The `{mapview}` package is unable to be run on POSIT workbench (as of 20th June 2024).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * The `mapshot()` and `mapshot2()` functions from `{mapview}` do not work on the Posit Workbench (as of 20th June 2024). This is because neither `{webshot}` nor `{webshot2}` will work.
```
